Share panel dashboard add images (#30201)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/sharing/share-dashboard.md

1. Go to the home page of your Grafana instance.
1. Click on the share icon in the top navigation. The share dialog opens and shows the Link tab.

> {{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/sharing/Share_Dashboard_Direct_Link.png" max-width="700px" >}}

Author: Noted.

1. Click **Copy**. This copies the default or the shortened URL to the clipboard.
1. Send the copied URL to a Grafana user with authorization to view the link.

## Publish snapshot

A dashboard snapshot shares an interactive dashboard publicly. Grafana strips sensitive data like queries
(metric, template and annotation) and panel links, leaving only the visible metric data and series names embedded into your dashboard. Dashboard snapshots can be accessed by anyone with the link.

You can publish snapshots to your local instance or to [snapshot.raintank.io](http://snapshot.raintank.io). The latter is a free service
provided by Grafana Labs that allows you to publish dashboard snapshots to an external Grafana instance. The same rules still apply: anyone with the link can view it. You can set an expiration time if you want the snapshot removed after a certain time period.

> {{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/sharing/Share_Dashboard_Snapshot.png" max-width="700px" >}}

Author: Noted, will fix is separate PR.

To publish a snapshot:

1. Click on **Local Snapshot** or **Publish to snapshot.raintank.io**. This generates the link of the snapshot.

> 2. Copy the snapshot link, and share it either within your organization or publicly on the web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the snapshot link, and then share it either within your organization or publicly on the web.
```

Author: Updated numbering.
